docs: Add Rules page intro and content tweaks (#16523)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/user-guide/configuring/rules.md

---

Rules are the core building block of ESLint. A rule validates if your code meets a certain expectation, and what to do if it does not meet that expectation. Rules can also contain additional configuration options specific to that rule.

ESLint comes with a large number of [built-in rules](../../rules/) and you can add more rules through plugins. You can modify which rules your project uses with either configuration comments or configuration files.

> ## Rule Settings

Reviewer: Settings are a specific thing in ESLint; this is a severity.

```suggestion
## Rule Severities
```

> To change a rule setting, you must set the rule ID equal to one of these values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change a rule's severity, set the rule ID equal to one of these values:
```

    - double
```

## Rules from Plugins

> To configure a rule which is defined within a plugin you have to prefix the rule ID with the plugin name and `/`.

Reviewer: Removing one "w" word. :)

```suggestion
To configure a rule that is defined within a plugin, prefix the rule ID with the plugin name and `/`.
```

  plugin1/rule1: error
```

> In these configuration files, the rule `plugin1/rule1` comes from the plugin named `plugin1`.

Reviewer: For clarity:

```suggestion
In these configuration files, the rule `plugin1/rule1` comes from the plugin named `plugin1`, which is contained in an npm package named `eslint-plugin-plugin1`.
```

}
```

> You can also use the [--no-inline-config](../command-line-interface#--no-inline-config) CLI option to disable rule comments, in addition to other in-line configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the [--no-inline-config](../command-line-interface#--no-inline-config) CLI option to disable rule comments, in addition to other in-line configurations.
```

Reviewer: I believe the singular is correct here but will let @bpmutter comment.

Reviewer 3: Hmm, this one seems tricky. Grammarly shows plural

<img width="764" alt="Screenshot 2022-11-15 at 7 17 35 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46647141/201806592-9073608d-2087-49a1-9686-dcf2a17b4438.png">

Reviewer 4: I also feel `configuration` to be correct here? as we have only one configuration?

Reviewer 2: `In addition to other` which makes it plural.

In the CLI option, we can pass many configurations, right? eg:

```
eslint index.js --no-eslintrc --env "es6"  --parser-options "{ecmaVersion: 2018}" --no-inline-config
```

Reviewer 4: In this place we were meaning `inline-config`. I guess we specify multiple inline-configs as one inline configuration? (`/* eslint indent: "error", curly: "error" */`)

Author: generally the word 'configuration' is only singular - https://www.wordhippo.com/what-is/the-plural-of/configuration.html

'configurations' usually only when there are multiple different *sets* of configurations. 

in this case, i think both could be correct. but singular reads better to me.
